time to check on purple balls the
wildebeest
I was really optimistic the other day
well not 100% but pretty optimistic but
the cause for concern is not his nether
regions but in a leg injury in the past
two days the flies have been in there
they've laid their eggs and we've got
some maggots I believe in there another
pocket if he's to survive
Emma must win the battle against the
flies they've really laid into this guy
maggots if they're restricted actually
do some good because they're trying to
get away the dead tissue but with these
things they're going to keep going and
they're going to just go to pulling leg
that's probably gonna fall off and the
animals gonna die are you looking at
this I'm gonna go - come - Phoebe this
is a powder that we've just popped into
the wound which will hopefully stop the
flies relaying and kill any maggots that
I haven't got I'm probably not going to
get them all this is just the spray just
to stop them now Emma can turn her
attention to his other end that is much
better that's really dried out I was
worried about his testicles you would do
isn't you've got to empathy they're
looking mighty fine testicles are you
gonna get your purple balls back with
all the purple balls and their balls at
all he's still not out of the woods yet
we're just so still got to see what he's
like tomorrow I'm not boy a few get
that's fine sure he's limping on it
that's obviously saw
[Music]